# Camera Mod

## Table of Contents
* [Description](#Description)
* [Installation](#Installation)
* [Contributing](#Contributing)
* [Usage](#Usage)
* [Development](#Development)
* [Structure](#Structure)

  ## Description
    * This mod is an external dll injector written in c++
    * for educational purposes
    * the cheat engine table basically has the memory address for the functions and pointers
    * found these addresses via trial and error(not hard to do but very time consuming. many tutorials on youtube)
    * The game does not have a feature for the user to make their own camera angles while playing the game. How can this be implemented?
    With the help of windows api, I have been able to implement this via terminal commands. The user can pick a variety of different camera angles from hard coded values in the program.
    
  ## Installation
    * this project is compiled with mingw64
    * Clion or Visual Studio
    

  ## Contributing
    * delinx

  ## Usage
    * 19
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73322116/185989593-33f6be4d-160d-4f41-b5d5-2f6edd512321.mp4
    * 22
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73322116/187087323-fb10df61-b35c-4046-8ba7-cbcddf633021.mp4
  
  ## Development
    * the next plan is to figure out how to sync keys with mod so that user doesnt have to alt + tab out of windows.
    * this is open source. If you would like to contribute, you can write an issue and I will gladly send an invite.
    
  ## Structure
    * src/mod_file contains everything that mods the camera
    * src/constants contains constant values. we can put everything like addresses, hex values, things that will be used alot and can be define well.
    * src/controller contains the user interface. the loop that keeps the exe alive and takes input from user.
    
   <h3 align="center"> Read me generated by https://github.com/fidel-bello/read-me-generator </h3>
        

